The Joe Rogan experience.
It's really interesting watching someone's path when you know that they already
did it. That's, there's something about that,
like reading about Kinison like knowing that he already did it like to,
just to read the path and how it all.
Went down. Yeah. And it's interesting too, if you look at like, you know,
prince had a really good book and it was actually a collection of things he'd
written with somebody just before, uh, that he passed,
but you read the book and like, it's interesting, cuz you're like, you are,
of course, you know,
he's gonna be prince one of the more talented people that may ever, you know,
walk the planet.
And so you're reading it and you're hearing him get denied with demo tapes and
you're hearing no one's believing in him that he's a weird kid and all that,
but you know that he's prince. Yeah. You have like, as you read the book,
you kind of have a secret that like you're unstoppable.
Like this stuff doesn't really matter what you're going through in your high
school and you like basketball and this person denied and that person didn't
wanna be like, none of this is it's interesting,
but what's actually most fascinating is you literally were,
you were destined to be prince one way or another. Yeah.
This stuff is almost inconsequential. You're going to be prince someday. Well,
it.
Is fascinating. No knowing that he, he did become prince,
but you kind of feel the anxiety of the journey, right?
Like when you're reading about someone, even though, you know,
it is inconsequential, you are, there's no denying, he became prince,
but he didn't know that while it was all going down. No, that's, what's.
Cool about it, but it's fun to read.
You can read that and you can hear the people who don't believe in him and he
can be, you know, like we all have a, uh,
I missed that one kind of moment or I didn't see that. But like
imagine be the guy who's like yeah. You know, I had prince came into my,
I didn't hear it. Yeah. I didn't hear it. <laugh>.
I remember the exact moment. I first listened to prince.
I was in an Audi Fox. I had an Audi Fox, this,
his little front wheel draw I car.
I was driving on the Massachusetts turnpike and I had a cassette that I just
bought and I just unrepped it.
And I popped it into the cassette player and it was, uh, I, listen,
I'm gonna be your lover. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I wanna be your lover, that song.
And it was the one where, you know, the cassette where him it's like,
he's got no shirt on and it's like, he's just staring at the camera.
And I remember thinking like, holy, like who is this guy? Yeah.
Like this is just different. Yeah. You know, it's like,
he's singing in a falsetto about being in love with a girl and his,
his voice is incredible. Well, you.
Could be that outrageous if you're gonna be really good. Yeah.
We get a lot of the other,
which is people who are outrageous and they're compensating for not really
having much to sing or say, but like right. He had, he was fully loaded.
He had all.
Of it. Well, he was that guy. I mean, that's who he was. I mean,
it was outrageous because he was an honestly eccentric human being.
I mean, that really was who he was and insanely talented, eccentric human being.
Yeah.
You know, I met him once. Actually I met him with Dean Delray, no way. Yeah.
At a club out in, uh, in New York, uh, maybe it's early two thousands.
And I forget what the club was. It was very, very, it was crowded and somebody,
this is a true story. Somebody had come to me and said, uh,
tap me on the shoulder said, you know, prince is here.
He wants you to come sit down. And uh, I seriously,
I heard I followed and I thought I was gonna go sit with prince William. Ah,
<laugh> that, that sounded more believable to me. That sounded like I,
that I believed. And then we went over and it was obviously prince Roger Nelson.
Yeah. But it was a, it was a really funny night. I'm glad Dean was there too.
Um, we sat in a booth and it was prince and it, his lawyer bodyguard.
He had a lawyer slash.
Bodyguard. That's what he was.
And he was a very big guy and we sat in a booth <laugh> and it's hard to imagine
now that like, you know, the guy,
he wasn't like being swarm with people in the sprints, you know? But, um, it,
the, he, it it's awkward. It's like, you know,
he sitting four of us from the booth, just kind of like you don't.
I know what to say. And it's kind of, so if he did,
if I did wanna really have a conversation, it'd be difficult,
but the bodyguard kind of nudges me and he says, you know,
it's been 25 years since, uh, purple rain. And I was like, oh, that's awesome.
And then he, he he's sitting next to me. He goes, excuse me. I said,
that's awesome. He goes, what's awesome. I go, the,
the purple rain is 25 years old. What, what a great record. And he goes,
great record. I say, yeah. He goes, well, tell him he he's pointing at prince.
So now I'm like, he's a very large man.
He's like nudging me when I'm thinking that's amazing prince. You're just like,
he is, he, he cannot be insecure that people don't love purple rain,
but I lean over and I say, you know, purple rain like, wow, 25 years,
what a great record. And he kind of fanned himself. He's like, well,
you think so? And like,
even prince needed to hear once in a while that he was awesome. How.
Weird is it? His bodyguard, his big giant dudes,
like nudging you to tell prince that he's awesome. I.
Felt like I got set up, like he knew prince needed a compliment.
Maybe I'd be nervous.
That he would be going. Of course, it's good.
Yeah. I was nervous. Well, it was awkward. Like, what is it?
It's like the night at the rocks for you just kind of sit in the booth,
just like, know, uh, it is, it is him. It is, it is prince, right. It is.
And then like, you know, and so you guys.
Aren't really interacting.
A little bit. Um, not a lot. I think he just,
he invited me just to come sit just in his booth. Yeah.
<laugh> <laugh> but it's also very, it was very loud,
but that wasn't the problem. I think he just, you know, I,
I don't know why I was asked to sit, but he, he was very nice. He was, you know,
he's very, very cool.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video and
audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get the full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.